MC-40719: Product Thumbnails not switching properly for Config product (#1038)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/swatch-create.md

1. Verify that **Catalog Input Type for Store Owner** is set to `Visual Swatch`.

> 1. If it is preferred to not display corresponding simple product images when the swatch is selected on the product display page, set the "Update Product Preview Image" option value to "No".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you prefer to not display corresponding simple product images when the swatch is selected on the product display page, set the "Update Product Preview Image" option value to "No".
```

1. Verify that **Catalog Input Type for Store Owner** is set to `Visual Swatch`.

> 1. If it is preferred to not display corresponding simple product images when the swatch is selected on the product display page, set the "Update Product Preview Image" option value to "No".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you prefer to not display corresponding simple product images when the swatch is selected on the product display page, set the "Update Product Preview Image" option value to "No".
```
